whilst heading back to Washington Joe
Biden Joe Biden said he's worked out a
deal with Egypt to open the Raffa
Crossing with Gaza rlin Jordan has the
details from Washington
DC US President Joe Biden told reporters
on board Air Force One on Wednesday that
he went to the Middle East with two
goals one to start figuring out how to
get Palestinian Americans out of Gaza
and how to get humanitarian Aid to those
living in the Gaza Strip This is the US
President Joe Biden he agreed that what
he would do is open the gate on um to do
two things one led up to 20 trucks
through to begin with uh saterfield my
Ambassador is down there in uh not down
there in Cairo now he's going to
coordinate this he has my authority to
do what is needed to get it done they're
going to patch the road they have to
fill in potholes to get these trucks
through um and that's going to occur
they expect it'll take about 8 hours
tomorrow so there may be nothing rolling
through until what what's today was in
track of days Thursday Wednesday
probably until Friday Biden also told
reporters that he stressed the need to
use restraint to everyone with whom he
spoke while he was in Tel Aviv that
includes the Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu when asked whether he
got any push back on the US's demand to
see these countries exercise restraint
and to do all they could to try to
reduce tensions Biden said he got no
push back and would be watching to make
certain that they followed through on
their promises rosn Jordan Al jazer
Washington